Whoo!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey, guys! It's Mariana.
We just made it to LA.
Say hi, Callie.
Hey, you single?
My God! Stop!
- Okay, eyes on the road.
- Yes, ma'am.
I just got a job at a tech
startup as a software engineer.
- Making six figures!
- Callie!
Anyway, heads up you "bro-grammers,"
you're lookin' at MIT's Beerio
Kart champ, class of 2018.
Yay!
Okay, so I just
graduated from law school.
- Summa cum laude.
- Magna cum laude.
Okay, well, regardless, it's a laude,
and she's working as a
clerk for a federal judge
which is a pretty big friggin' deal.
- We're so lit.
- We're pretty lit.
We're straight up fire!
Yay! Whoo!
- $250?
- You parked in the yellow.
No. Commercial vehicles
can park in the yellow.
U-Haul's not a commercial vehicle.
Okay, are you sure we
can park in the yellow?
Yeah, positive.
Commercial vehicles
can park in the yellow.
Wait. This is it?
The Palace Theater.
- We're gonna live here?
- Right?
Cool.
Hello? Where's your credit card?
You're the one who was positive
we could park in the yellow.
I can't believe you're not paying half.
I can't believe you
moved us into a commune.
I did not move us into a commune...
exactly.
Okay, so, ager's name is Alice.
What's a Sad Girl Party?
I don't know. It sounds perfect for you.
She knew we were coming.
Why don't you call your
friend who lives here?
He's not my friend.
He's my soon-to-be co-worker
slash future boyfriend.
And I don't want him thinking
that I'm some kind of stalker
'cause I'm calling him the
second I move into his building.
'Cause moving into his
building in the first place
isn't stalkerish at all.
He's the one who told me
that this loft was available.
Well, then...
"The Coterie at the Palace
is an intentional community."
Intentional community?
Hold up. Hey!
Give me a second. Give me a second.
Are you Mariana and Callie?
- Yes.
- I'm so sorry.
Shit. I'm sorry. I mean, I'm not sorry.
I've been trying not to say
I'm sorry. As a feminist.
As women, we're just raised
to apologize left and right, you know?
Finally. I had to wipe
with the cardboard roll.
Sorry. Shit.
See what I mean. It's hard.
Come on. Let's go upstairs.
You know, I thought that
free toilet paper would be a nice perk,
but,
I had no idea how much
people would over-wipe.
You wouldn't believe it.
Hope you guys are eco-friendly.
And the plastic's for the leaks.
This is our communal bathroom.
You going to work?
Hardest-working  I know.
Not the cleanest though.
Hah! Our communal kitchen.
Pretty nice, right?
- Which one of y'all swiped my cold brew again.
- Was your name on it?
Y'all don't need my name on
it to know it's not yours.
Malika, meet our new Coterie members,
Callie and Mariana Adams Foster.
Don't leave anything you
wanna keep in the fridge.
She needs her caffeine.
Especially in the afternoon, you know.
I'm sure he used hand sanitizer.
Ha! Now I don't even
need to read the book
or see the new motion
picture based on the book
because I know you're the book thief!
You're in for a treat. He's really good.
Look at me when I'm talking to you!
You just couldn't help yourself.
That's why you stole the books.
- Yes.
- This is our lounge
where we all hang out
unless there's, like, a salon
or improv class scheduled.
You know, you'd
probably be good at that.
You...
Next.
Can we see our loft now?
Welcome to your new home.
Let it marinate.
She's a beauty.
So, we don't have our
own kitchen or bathroom?
No. I mean, none of us do.
You can always get one of
those chamber pots, you know.
But don't poop in it
'cause we kinda have a mouse problem.
It's just they might, you know,
eat your poop at night.
Depending on your diet of course.
Just stay away from
anything that... has flavor.
Okay, um, just let me know if
you need the Wi-Fi password...
or anything like that.
I had no idea about the
whole communal living thing.
Okay, look, right now,
it's empty and dusty,
but the windows are fantastic.
And as soon as we clean it up
and put all of our stuff in,
it's gonna feel like home.
At a price you can afford.
- Me?
- Yes.
You can only afford to
pay 800 bucks a month,
and you didn't want me to pay more
because of the "balance of power."
Let's make the best of it.
There it is.
What the...
It could be worse.
We have our mattresses.
And our health.
Your health is in
serious danger right now.
Can I get a shot of tequila please?
- Ooh, me too.
- Yep.
- He's hot.
- Seriously?
When's the last time you got laid?
And that's your solution to all this?
That's my solution to everything.
Can we talk about the fact that
everything we own was stolen
and we have nothing to
wear to work tomorrow.
Well, now we have an
excuse to go shopping.
Ready?
No.
No, no, no, no, no.
If this doesn't scream
first day on the job,
I don't know what does.
Sorry.
How cute would this be?
No. Those ruffles.
Twerk, twerk, twerk.
My god, it's you!
She's precious.
It's you.
It is!
Shit. Mariana.
Mariana, get up.
Mariana, get up!
We're late.
Come on.
Why did I think that this dress
was a good idea last night?
Because we were hammered.
But you shouldn't have to
conform to some dress code
- to prove you're smart.
- Right. You're right.
Okay, what about me?
How dated does this suit look?
The shoulder pads are
a little 1980s Dynasty,
but they're making a comeback.
Gael!
Hey. It's Mariana.
I met you the other day when
I interviewed at Speckulate?
Right, yeah, that's right.
Mariana. How are you?
Hey.
Thanks for the heads-up
on the loft, by the way.
We just moved in yesterday.
This is my sister Callie.
Nice to meet you.
Hey.
Do you live here?
I... Yeah, just moved in today.
I like your slippers.
They're my sister's.
I'm Gael.
Nice to meet you too.
So today's my first day at Speckulate.
That's great. Maybe I'll see you there.
Maybe.
You have a nice day.
Okay, is he not the hottest
to grace this Earth?
I'm so gonna smash him.
All right, have a good first day.
Yeah. You too.
Your credentials and your key card.
Keep in mind that whatever happens
within these chambers is confidential.
You don't talk about the
cases outside these walls.
You don't tell anyone
which cases you're clerking.
Be careful what issues you tweet about
and what posts you like.
The point is to avoid any
appearance of impropriety
that could reflect poorly on your judge.
So, as you'll recall
from your interview tour,
we have massages available every day.
Our gym on the third
floor is open 24 hours.
And that is our
meditation and yoga room.
This is Rebecca. This is Ben.
- Your fellow clerks.
- Hi.
Hey. Nice to meet you.
Hi, I'm Callie.
Callie, welcome.
- Hey.
- Glad you're here.
Give me one second with
Barbara, then walk me to court.
So where'd you go to law school?
San Diego.
What about you?
- Yale.
- Harvard.
We have a full-time
coffee and tea barista,
our kitchen is fully
stocked with snacks,
sodas, kombucha, craft beers on tap.
- And we offer a catered lunch.
- Wow. Nice.
And Whiskey Fridays are a fun
time to get to know each other.
Judge Wilson's about to
hear a motion to suppress,
and he's gonna ask
you how he should rule.
Don't be tempted to impress him.
Just say you're not
comfortable giving an opinion
without a thoughtful
analysis of the case.
Rebecca?
Excuse me.
Is that Evan Speck?
Yes.
- Can I meet him?
- Eventually.
But he's very busy.
And he doesn't like being approached.
Right this way.
Don't listen to her. I'm
not saying she has an agenda,
but being a clerk is all about
trying to impress your judge.
So when you get an opportunity, take it.
Don't be intimidated by Rebecca and Ben
just 'cause they went
to Ivy League schools.
Which they're gonna remind
you of every chance they get.
I always choose one state school
grad to clerk in my office.
I'm honored to be here.
So, we've got a criminal defendant
moving to suppress the
seizure of ten kilos of cocaine
found in a warehouse.
Now, he's arguing that the cocaine
is inadmissible as evidence
because it was found due to
an illegal wiretap of his phone
in which he told his
buyer where to find it.
Don't be tempted to impress him.
An infort after the fact. So...
how should I rule?
When you get an opportunity, take it.
Based on the "fruit of the
poisonous tree" doctrine,
any evidence found through that
illegal wiretap should be inadmissible.
Therefore, I would grant
the motion to suppress.
No.
No, the infort's
tip, even after the fact,
would have provided cause
for a lawfully issued warrant.
Which falls easily within the
exception for "inevitable discovery."
Never give an uninformed
opinion, Callie.
Yeah, just, just play it.
Alex. Alex.
- Look at that expression.
- Alex!
Hey, Angela.
What's up?
This is, Mariana Adams Foster.
Hi.
She's joining your team?
Yeah.
Hey.
Okay, then I will leave you to it.
So...
- This is Sam...
- What up?
- And Raj.
- Hey.
Welcome to the team.
Thanks.
So, I've done my homework
and I'm really excited
about all of the apps
that you're developing.
And I have a few ideas that
I'd love to pitch to you
when the time is right.
So, for real? You're an engineer?
Yes. I just graduated from MIT
where my main focus was
artificial intelligence
- and machine building.
- Cool.
Okay, well, we'll get you
started on some data entry.
Data entry?
Yeah, data entry.
Okay.
Great. You can work over there.
The data folder's on the desktop.
Rebecca and Ben each gave
you a third of their cases.
Since they got to choose, I
assume they're the most tedious.
From now on, you get every
third case that comes in.
And you need to read this.
How'd it go?
Let's just say, I wish
I'd taken your advice.
But you took Ben's? What did he say?
That you couldn't trust me?
That I only got this clerkship
because my grandfather's a US Senator?
He is?
That's not why I got this
job. And Ben's not your friend.
What're you talking about?
Case assignments.
I didn't give you all my boring ones.
So...
you from LA?
No. San Diego.
What brings you to La La Land?
You an actress?
- You a model?
- Um, no.
I'm a doctor.
I'm just kidding.
I'm a lawyer.
You're serious.
Afraid so.
That's cool.
So what do you do? Are you an actor?
No. Graphic designer.
By day.
Crime fighter by night?
Artist.
Or at least trying to be.
I do my studies in clay
then cast in bronze or copper.
I tried to get into the
art program at UCSD before
I decided to go to law school.
Art and law seem like worlds apart.
What's that one quote?
"Law is reason free from passion."
I guess everyone saw Legally Blonde.
Nah, it's just...
I don't know, art
seems all about passion.
What's this one called?
"In Stasis."
It's beautiful.
The idea was to achieve a sense
of stillness in the midst of chaos.
I know a lot about chaos.
I'd like to see some
of your work some time.
It's a one bedroom. And it
has a kitchen and a bathroom.
- How much is it?
- $3,200.
- $3,200! You can't afford that.
- Yeah, but you can.
What happened to "balance of power?"
You can have the bedroom,
and I'll sleep on the couch.
The Coterie is not that bad.
- We can't live there, Mariana.
- Why not?
- It's Mom.
- It's Mama.
Okay, don't mention
the U-Haul, all right.
It'll just worry them
and make it look like
we can't handle being on our own. Okay?
Definitely.
- Hey, Mom.
- Hey, Mama.
No. I'm fine.
- Yeah, don't worry. We've got this.
- No, no, I'm, I'm fine.
- I just miss you guys is all.
- Everything's gonna be great.
She wants to talk to you.
- Hey, Mom.
- Hey, Mama.
- Yeah. No, no, she's fine.
- No, I told Mama, I'm fine.
- Don't worry. I know.
- No, she is.
- I love you too.
- It's just Mariana being Mariana.
You know how it is.
Okay, love you too.
I'm sorry.
I just heard her voice and I cracked.
Are you sure everything
was okay at work today?
Yeah, no, it... it was great.
Hey.
Hey, I didn't see you there.
I was just looking for a place to sit.
You could sit with us.
Thanks.
Hey, guys, this is, Mariana.
- She's our new software engineer.
- Hi.
So why aren't you sitting
over there with the geniuses?
Well, I mean, it's,
it's not high school, right?
I don't have to sit with the cool kids.
- Not that you guys aren't cool.
- What was that?
You guys are cool.
How do you two know each other?
We live together.
Not like together, together.
At least not yet, anyway.
- Do we have a flat white?
- Yes.
I'll have what she's having.
I'm Mariana. It's my first
day here. I'm Casey.
- Are you an engineer here?
- Yeah.
Me too.
I'm glad I'm not the only one.
Wo.
What are you working on?
My team is developing a lifestyle app.
You're a team leader?
That's amazing.
Can I ask how you did it?
Was it almost impossible?
Came up with a good idea,
pitched it to Evan, he liked
it, and he let me run with it.
Wow.
It's good to know that
there's opportunity here.
You know, I'd love to
pick your brain sometime,
ask your advice.
Sure. First piece of advice?
It's annoying, but, um...
you'll be taken more
seriously if you don't dress...
like that.
And don't be afraid to
sit with the boys at lunch.
Right? You're an engineer,
speak up for yourself,
and take your seat at the table.
Alex, can I have a word?
Yeah. What's up?
Okay, look, I know today
is my first day, but...
I was hired to develop software and...
I'd really like to
create some prototypes
or write some tests, review code even.
Yeah, okay. Um, review the
code on the launcher app
- for the eGIFany app.
- Look, I just...
Okay. Great.
Okay. Thanks.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-boobs.
So overall, it was a
really good first day.
- Good.
- Hey, ladies.
You're just in time.
Dennis just made vegan chicken adobo.
You're welcome to eat with us.
World's best vegan chicken adobo.
Look.
- Thank you. Um...
- Yeah, thanks.
- I'm, I'm not...
- Hey.
You guys gonna join?
Yeah, we'd love to.
- Okay. Family dinner.
- Hey, you got them.
- Yes.
- Family dinner.
And I had...
- Guys are getting ball cancer.
- What?
From cell phones in their pockets.
Cell phones are an addiction.
Like drugs, alcohol, and sex.
Wait. I'm sorry, did you
say "sex" addiction, Dennis?
I haven't brought a
girl home in two weeks.
You're practically celibate.
No.
I'm not gonna take this anymore.
- You guys done with this?
- Yeah, take it away.
Not to mention, they promote
anti-social hu interaction, Malika.
I bet you miss the
rotary phone, Dennis.
And mix tapes.
You know what? I do miss mix tapes.
In fact, I'm gonna make
you a best of Bob Dylan.
Okay, if social media
was invented in the 60s,
Odetta would have been
way bigger than Bob Dylan.
- True.
- I'm just saying.
Can you imagine Twitter in 1968?
My god. The Civil Rights Movement
with the unfiltered truth.
Social media for social justice...
instead of showing off
what you had for lunch.
- Hear, hear.
- Hey,
my new post just got 500 likes.
Can't have a single
dinner without a phone.
Davia's a body-positive
Instagram influencer.
I see these girls that I
teach starving themselves.
I used to be anorexic.
And I want them to
love their full figures
and see that a healthy body
- doesn't have to be a skinny body.
- Amen.
Are you kidding me?
Meet the latest son
of a friend of a friend
that my mom's trying to set me up with.
- Whoo!
- Can you mom give him my number?
- Can't she give him my number?
- This is embarrassing.
When're you just gonna
come out to your parents?
- Yes.
- Never ever.
Are you kidding? I'm, I'm already
this huge disappointment to them.
What're you talking about,
girl? You age this building.
Can you imagine how
lesbian would go over?
Our moms are lesbians.
But you're sisters?
Yeah, we were adopted.
When we were foster kids.
I was in the system.
Never got adopted though.
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay. I survived.
So you're clerking for a federal judge?
- Yeah.
- Not Judge Lawrence?
No. Wilson. Why?
Lawrence is working the Jamal
Thompson case. You heard about it?
- I don't think so. No.
- Yeah.
Just another police
shooting of a black .
It's been five years, so with
a new shooting every week,
it's hard for people
to remember these things
once they finally get to
trial, if they do at all.
Well, should I get
another bottle of wine?
Sorry. Did anybody want that?
So how'd you guys
hear about The Coterie?
Um, actually through Gael.
We're working together at Speckulate.
Um, I met him when I was interviewing.
No, thanks.
Callie, that reminds me.
You need to sign the
communal living contract
and pick an activity
for community service.
For example, I help a group
that rescues guinea pigs.
- No, not again with the guineas.
- What about Mariana?
She signed the contract
when she applied for the lease.
You signed the
communal living agreement
when you applied for the apartment?
You knew what this place was.
I knew that there were common spaces,
- but I didn't...
- You lied. As usual.
Okay, I didn't lie. I
omitted certain details
because for $1,800 a month, this
was the best that we could do.
Yeah. And you wanted to
live in the same building
as your co-worker
slash future boyfriend.
Okay, you know what? I can
afford my own kitchen and toilet,
so I'm the one making
the sacrifices here.
No one told you to
follow me to LA, Mariana.
Excuse me? You did.
- You invited me to be your roomie.
- Yeah. Because you can't be alone!
Well, you know what?
Being alone would be a lot
more fun than being with you.
Because you've got a
giant stick up your ass.
At least I'm not a
liar... and a stalker.
I am not a stalker.
And how do you know
that Gael didn't tell me
- about this loft because he's into me?
- I don't want to live here.
Well, I do.
Then I'll get my own place.
Well, good luck with that.
Have fun living in a cardboard box!
Hey, can we talk?
So, when we...
I didn't know you worked with
my sister or I never would've...
I think it's better if we don't...
again, and, it's definitely better
if Mariana doesn't find out we did,
'cause I never want a
guy to come between us.
I'm a terrible person.
The worst.
We really can't do this again.
Why would I be in between
you and your sister?
'Cause Mariana...
kinda has, like, a crush on you...
which I didn't know and now I do...
So this can't...
become a thing.
Sorry.
And I...
I get it...
In this footage released
by the police department,
you can see several officers in pursuit
of 19-year-old Jamal Thompson
who they say was involved
in a local robbery.
Believing Thompson was armed,
the police shot him seven times...
After he made what they call
"an aggressive move" towards them.
It was later discovered police
mistook his cell phone for a weapon.
Jamal Thompson died on the scene.
My son was a good, kind, sweet soul.
He had no criminal record.
He had never been in
any kind of trouble.
His only crime was being a black
kid in a white neighborhood.
And that made him a
target for the police.
When is it gonna stop?
When is a young black
or a wo gonna be able
to ride in their car or...
Guessing the officer wasn't charged?
Are they ever? These guys are
straight up getting away with murder.
It's not the same as
a criminal conviction,
but at least his family can
try suing them in federal court.
I read that the city's trying
to get the case dismissed.
Yeah. Well, at least
we've got Judge Lawrence.
First off, he's black, which is bomb.
And he usually sides with
victims of police brutality.
So, I feel like Jamal might
actually have a shot at justice.
This is why I went to law school.
Stuff like this can't happen.
So why're you clerking for Judge Wilson?
I looked him up.
Nominated by George Bush, he's
got to be pretty far to the right.
Well, I figured maybe I could
have a progressive influence
on a conservative judge.
You really believe you
can make a difference?
I'm gonna try.
Yeah. That's what we
all got to do, so...
It's nice to feel like
we've got a chance for once.
Justice for Jamal's family.
Well, good night.
Good night.
Excuse me, Mr. Speck?
Yes.
I'm Mariana Adams Foster.
I'm a new software engineer here,
and... I... I don't mean to
ambush you or anything but...
um, I have this idea for an app
that I would love to run by you.
Okay.
I'm not good with names.
- I can put my info on your ph...
- No.
Sorry.
What's your name again?
- Mariana Adams Foster.
- Mari...
Marry, get married, Ana, married-Ana,
marry-Ana.
Adams, John Adams, second
president of the United States,
Foster.
- Foster...
- Foster Freeze?
Got it.
I'll have my assistant contact you.
The first hearing will
be the motion to dismiss.
- Sorry, am I late?
- No, you're just not early.
We don't have much
time to get up to speed,
so, I'm gonna have each of you,
in addition to your other case work,
write up a bench memo and tentative
order for how I should rule.
- Have it on my desk by 500.
- Who's going to clerk this case?
I'll decide after I read your memos.
Now get to it.
Hey, what's going on?
Judge Lawrence had a
heart attack last night.
The court's reassigning
his cases to other judges.
He's going to recover,
not that Ben would care.
I care, about clerking this case.
- I've been here the longest.
- This is a meritocracy, my dear.
- So what's the case?
- It's the Jamal Thompson police shooting case
against the officers and the LAPD.
In addition to excessive force,
as a violation of his
constitutional rights,
they're alleging that he never received
prompt medical care after he was shot.
Yeah, they let him lie
there bleeding for 15 minutes
- before they let the EMTs in.
- Well, they thought he was armed.
With a cell phone.
You think Wilson will dismiss it?
Based on his previous rulings,
he's willing to give the benefit
of the doubt to police officers.
But Wilson's never dealt
with the critical care angle.
We don't know where he stands on that.
Wilson doesn't have the time
to wade through the
liberal opinion on this one.
So just stick to the
facts and legal precedent.
You don't want to get
fired from a clerkship
on your second day. Or ever.
It can ruin your career.
So...
maybe take my advice this time?
- But it's actually your job.
- No, it's your job.
- Then how's it not your responsibility?
- You made it.
Excuse me.
And I guess we're just making room.
Okay. So, I found a few changes
to improve latency in the code review.
I'll get that back to you after lunch.
You found latency issues?
- In my code?
- Yes, Alex.
Mainly in the big boob file.
- Perhaps you were distracted.
- Yeah, so distracted.
Excuse me.
Who do you think you are?
It's your first week,
and you've got the nerve
to bother the CEO of the company
with some stupid app idea?
- Well, no, I was just...
- You think you're special
'cause you went to MIT?
Well, everyone here went to MIT...
or Stanford or Berkley.
You're not special.
If you pull something like that again,
you're gonna be unemployed.
Woo!
What time does he need the report?
Let me just...
All right. Thank you.
Hey, I can't talk right now, Mariana.
Hello?
- You okay?
- No.
I need you.
I can't leave work right now.
Can we talk later?
I'm sorry.
Hey.
It's okay.
It's all right. I'm here.
Why would Evan Speck tell
me he was gonna reach out
and then sic HR on me?
It was so humiliating.
And in front of those bro-holes.
I can't go back down
there and face them. I...
I have to quit.
I know how you feel.
Judge Wilson pretty much
humiliated me on my first day.
Really?
Why didn't you tell me?
Seemed like everything was
going really great for you.
So both our jobs suck.
But we can't quit.
We are Adams Fosters. We don't give up.
We don't give in.
We fight.
Right.
And we have each other.
We're not alone.
Look,
if you hate The Coterie...
we can move.
I don't care where we live,
as long as we're together.
"Tatum versus San Francisco."
So, you made the liberal argument.
You're making things harder on yourself.
Yeah, that's kinda my thing.
I sent my review to you.
And I made some adjustments
to the "Assets" folder.
Let's see.
- Boobies!
- Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Aren't those your boobs, Alex?
They certainly are!
Callie?
Judge Wilson wants to see you.
You wanted to see me?
You made a very passionate
argument in your bench memo.
I'm not impressed by passion, Callie.
Why did you take this clerkship?
Because you're a highly regarded jurist
and I thought I could
learn a lot from you.
And maybe you thought you might have
a progressive influence
on a conservative judge?
I wouldn't assume that
I could influence you...
but I did think that maybe you
hired me because you wanted to hear
from a more left-leaning clerk.
Well, let me disabuse you of one notion.
I don't consider myself
a conservative judge.
Because I don't believe
in judicial activism.
My job is to apply the
law, not to make it,
which is why I rely on precedent
and a neutral reading of the facts.
I don't allow empathy
to distort my judgment.
And I have no use for clerks who do.
Hey.
Hey!
- Callie!
- Hi!
Everyone donated all this furniture.
Isn't it amazing?
It was really Malika's idea.
- Thank you.
- Yeah.
I just put the word out. It's no big.
So?
Do you still have a job?
Yes.
And I'm clerking the
Jamal Thompson case.
Congratulations.
Let me know if you need any help.
I'm sorry. I don't know
why he gave it to me.
I know why. You're the counter-clerk.
He hired you to make
the progressive argument
so he was prepared to knock it down.
Makes sense. Especially for this case.
But considering your liberal politics,
I'm not sure this a win for you.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Listen.
Judge Lawrence had a
heart attack last night.
He's okay, but he's off
the Jamal Thompson case.
My judge has it, and
I am pretty sure he's gonna dismiss it
and there's nothing
I can do to stop him.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah. I just put the
word out. It's no big.
So people donated towels
and sheets and clothes,
but it looks like your work wardrobe
is limited to suits.
Anyway, like I said,
it was a group effort.
Come on. Hop in.
- It's cozy.
- I wasn't planning on it, but okay.
Seriously!
Come on.
It's really nice of Malika
and everyone to give us stuff.
Yeah, I know we said we'd move, but...
besides the whole
communal bathroom thing,
everyone's really nice.
What do you think?
Should we give it a chance?
I had sex with Gael.
- My Gael?
- At the time, I... I didn't know
he was the guy from work
that you were crushing on.
Wait, so you had sex with
him the night we moved in?
I couldn't sleep, and so I
came up here to get some air
and he was getting out of the pool, and
you said I needed to get laid, so...
I'm really sorry.
- So, you really didn't know?
- I didn't.
That time.
There was another time?
I had sex with him last night,
but I told him that's it.
Okay, I swear.
I forgive you.
- Synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org